h1. Backlog iPhone Application

This application was created as part of the beginner tutorial track of the "iPhone Dev Day 2009 in Zürich":http://iphonedevday.com/. This application features a large number of relatively small commits, which allows developers to see in detail each one of the steps required to bring this application to life.

h2. Features

* Highlights the use of delegation between objects;
* UINavigationController managing a master/detail view;
* Features the "SynthesizeSingleton.h":http://cocoawithlove.com/2008/11/singletons-appdelegates-and-top-level.html header file by Matt Gallagher
* Shows a simple UITableViewController with basic cells, and basic gestures to edit its contents;
* Detail view is a simple UIViewController built with Interface Builder;
* The DataProvider class uses Key-Value-Observer (KVO) to be notified of changes in the managed Task instances;
* The Task class can be serialized and deserialized using the NSCoding protocol;
* Shows how to use the UIAccelerator class to shuffle tasks by shaking the device;
* Uses the MessageUI framework to create an e-mail message from the application.

h2. Download

From Github, go to the "Download":http://github.com/akosma/Backlog/downloads section and get one of the compressed files proposed there.

h2. Usage

Open the project with Xcode, and click the "Build and Run" button. You can see the evolution of the code in the "Commits":http://github.com/akosma/Backlog/commits/master section of the Github site, but you can also use the "git log" command, or any Git client like Gitx to see the history of changes, and see the differences between each modification.

h2. License

Copyright (c) 2009, Adrian Kosmaczewski
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
Neither the name of the akosma software nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

h2. Author

"Adrian Kosmaczewski":http://kosmaczewski.net/ - "akosma software":http://akosma.com/
